These instructions are going to be much more general than previous assignments;
you will need to make your own design choices.

* You can complete this assignemnt in python or C#.
* You need to choose an appropriate structure for your script, meaning you
  need to use classes, function/methods, and various data types in a way that makes sense
  to you and follows the practices we have introduced throughout the seemster.

Start with the functionality in the script you completed for Week 14 (you created a local
  map with the Enterprise and a few enemy ships).

For this assignment add the functionality below:

At the time you create to map, add a starbase to the map (the original game used "#"
as the symbol - you can use anything you'd like); when you place the ships, make 
sure none of them end up next to the starbase.

Randomly add 2-4 stars to the map (Use "*" as the symbol); stars can go into any
unoccupied space.

Add a game loop:
When the game starts, give the user an input prompt on the console.
The user can type the following commands:
- srscan (can be abbreviated to srs): prints the current local map
- move (can be abbreviated to m) to move the Enterprise
    move requires a direction indicated as a number
        0 -- move in the positive x direction (right)
        90 -- move in the negative Y direction (up)
        180 -- move in the negative x direction (left)
        270 -- move in the positive y direction (down)
    the user can add the direction to the move command, e.g. "move 90",
    if the direction is missing, prompt the user to enter it.
      If the direction is not one of the 4 numbers, you could round to
      the nearest valid number, or prompt the user to reenter
    The movement distance is always 1 square; each movement subtracts 100 units of energy
      from the Enterprise.
    If the movement would cause the Enterprise to collide with any object, you need
      to issue a context-appropriate message and abort the move:
      "Captain, we can't fly into a star"
      "Captain, do you really want to ram the Klingon ship?"
      "Captain, we can't ram a Startbase"
    If the move command puts the Enterprise next to the Starbase, 
      issue a "Docked at Starbase" message; the energy is restored to full.
- quit (can be abbreviated to q) ask for confirmation, the exit the game.
